README.md, before:

<!--
[![Build Package](https://github.com/dolbyio-samples/template-repo/actions/workflows/build-package.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/dolbyio-samples/template-repo/actions/workflows/build-package.yml)
[![Publish Package](https://github.com/dolbyio-samples/template-repo/actions/workflows/publish-package.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/dolbyio-samples/template-repo/actions/workflows/publish-package.yml)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/dolbyio-samples/template-repo)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dolbyio-samples/template-repo)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/dolbyio-samples/template-repo)](LICENSE)

Adding shields would also be amazing -->

# Title of Repo
One sentence linking to the tutorial and what this repo is for.

# Overview
Two or three sentences describing the overall output.

# Requirements 
List any hardware, software, or library dependencies the users would have to install to follow the tutorial or use the sample project. 

# Getting Started 
A good area to mention they should sign up for Dolby.io to use the APIs, the free 50GBs, or anything they should have to follow along

# Report a Bug 
In the case any bugs occur, report it using Github issues, and we will see to it. 

# Forking
We welcome your interest in trying to experiment with our repos.

# Feedback 
If there are any suggestions or if you would like to deliver any positive notes, feel free to open an issue and let us know!

# Learn More
For a deeper dive, we welcome you to review the following:
  *bulleted list of blogs or docs pages that might be useful* 


# About Dolby.io

Using decades of Dolby's research in sight and sound technology, Dolby.io provides APIs to integrate real-time streaming, voice & video communications, and file-based media processing into your applications. [Sign up for a free account](https://dashboard.dolby.io/signup/) to get started building the next generation of immersive, interactive, and social apps.

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://dolby.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dolby.io-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=dolby&logoColor=white"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://docs.dolby.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dolby.io-Docs-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://dolby.io/blog/category/developer/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dolby.io-Blog-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white"/></a>
</div>

<div align="center">
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://youtube.com/@dolbyio" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-red?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" alt="Dolby.io on YouTube"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  <a href="https://twitter.com/dolbyio" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-blue?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Dolby.io on Twitter"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/dolbyio/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Dolby.io on LinkedIn"/></a>
</div>

Commit message:

Add two simple apps for iOS

README.md, after:


# Getting Started with Dolby.io Streaming iOS SDK

This repository contains the starter applications that are explained in the 
Dolby.io [Streaming Getting Started Guide](https://docs.dolby.io/streaming-apis/docs/getting-started).

## Overview

The [documentation](https://docs.dolby.io/streaming-apis/docs/getting-started) explains how to get started with the iOS SDK. 

There are two distinct  apps included:
- **simple_swiftui**: publish and subscribe for Dolby.io Real-time Streaming using SwiftUI for the GUI
- **simple_uikit**: publish and subscribe for Dolby.io Real-time Streaming using UIKit for the GUI

## Requirements

You will need:
- A [Dolby.io Account](https://dashboard.dolby.io/signup)
- The Xcode environment setup on your Mac

## Getting Started

A good area to mention they should sign up for Dolby.io to use the APIs, the free 50GBs, or anything they should have to follow along

## Give Feedback or Report a Bug

If you run into any errors or have questions, create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/dolbyio-samples/stream-sdk-ios-getting-started/issues).


# About Dolby.io

Using decades of Dolby's research in sight and sound technology, Dolby.io provides APIs to integrate real-time streaming, voice & video communications, and file-based media processing into your applications. [Sign up for a free account](https://dashboard.dolby.io/signup/) to get started building the next generation of immersive, interactive, and social apps.

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://dolby.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dolby.io-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=dolby&logoColor=white"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://docs.dolby.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dolby.io-Docs-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://dolby.io/blog/category/developer/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dolby.io-Blog-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white"/></a>
</div>

<div align="center">
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://youtube.com/@dolbyio" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-red?style=flat-square&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" alt="Dolby.io on YouTube"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 
  <a href="https://twitter.com/dolbyio" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-blue?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Dolby.io on Twitter"/></a>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/dolbyio/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Dolby.io on LinkedIn"/></a>
</div>
